-: Welcome back.
We are in the section 15,
EKS HPA Horizontal Pod Autoscaling.
So just now, we have looked into
the introductory part,
what is Horizontal Pod Autoscaling,
how it works,
and then how it is configured.
So, the first thing
we need to install in our cluster
is install the Metrics Server.
Okay?
So the current version,
which is live is v0.3.6.
But if you want to go
to the latest version
and use the latest version,
so here is the releases in the references
you have the metric server releases section,
so you can go there.
And so, if you see the latest releases 0.3.6, okay?
And, at 17th April they have 3.7,
but they still didn't make it as
live release for us, okay?
So, now we are using that one,
but whenever you are doing this course
and then if you want to crosscheck this command
to be a different value here,
so go to this releases section
and then crosscheck what is the latest release.
So, verify whatever this means,
like verify if metric server is installed
on our respective Kube System, okay?
So let's go here,
and verify it first, okay?
So there should not be any metric server
in our existing cluster.
So we can go ahead
and then install the Metrics Server.
So let me paste it,
and it should install the 0.3.6 Metrics Server, okay?
So it'll create equal
and cluster roll bindings
and then all the related stuff.
And then,
so now it is installed.
So if I say 'kubectl', right?
'get pods-n
Kube-system' right?
So we can verify the same thing.
See, we can see that Metrics Server
is up and running
in our Kube System name space, right?
So if you want,
you can even verify that deployment is available
for us, not using deployment command, okay?
So Metrics Server deployment is successful.
So the next thing is,
deploy our application, okay?
So let me refresh here once, okay,
so yeah.
So deploy our application.
So before deploying it
we are going to review our template, right?
So let me go here,
and if you see here
so this is my EKS HPA Horizontal Pod Autoscaler,
so this is the 'HPAdemo.yml'.
So if you see it here,
this is a standard deployment
whatever we have created
and it's SQL NodePort service
with 31231, also,
we have created.
So the image here is simple Kube NGINX image,
so which we have used in our initial sections
of the course, the same thing.
Only thing here,
we have also provided the resources section
with the, how much memory it need to use,
and then how much it is limited for it, okay?
So it can go max till 200M,
and then after that it cannot move on.
So like this, we have also defined the resources
for this respective deployment,
nothing but for this respective HPA NGINX application.
So this means,
like metrics should have something right here,
so in consideration with metrics
we are going to enable.
So as we already deployed the metrics
so in equivalent with that
the resources also we have defined our deployment.
So let's move on,
and then deploy the manifest, okay?
So we are here,
and then we'll go to 15
which is EKA HPA Horizontal Pod Autoscaler
and I'm going to say 'kubectl
apply-F Kube manifest', right?
So 'kubectl get pods',
should give the pod
and HPA demo deployment is up and running for us.
So, if you say 'kubectl get SVC'
should give the services
where it will say that it is running
on 31231, this HPA demo service.
And 'kubectl get nodes-no wide', right?
So our deployment is present
in our private subnet,
so we are not able to access
this application externally,
but you can generate the load internally.
But even though we deployed our application,
so we know that if it is only
our cluster is in public subnets
we will be able to access via NodePorts, right?
So that's fine, okay,
we can even deploy a load balancer
type of service, and then even access it.
But our core focus here
is on Horizontal Pod Autoscaler
and not anything related to other stuff.
So what we are going to do
is like, in our next lecture,
we'll focus on enabling the Pod Autoscaler
and then generating the load and then test it.
So, I'll see you in the next lecture.
Until then, bye bye.
Thank you.